docs: speculations rules API javascript plugin (#1607)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/performance/performance-tweaks.md

To disable the Product Stream Indexer, you can set the following configuration:

<<< @/docs/snippets/config/product_stream.yaml

## Enable the Speculation Rules API

::: info

> This is available starting with Shopware 6.6.10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available starting with Shopware 6.6.10.0
```

:::

You can enable that **experimental feature** via `Admin > Settings > System > Storefront`. The JavaScript Plugin will then
check if the [Browser supports the Speculation Rules API](https://caniuse.com/mdn-http_headers_speculation-rules) and if so,
it will add a script tag to the head of the document. For the [eagerness option](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/prerender-pages#eagerness)
we are using `moderate` everywhere. That means a user must interact with a link to execute the pre-rendering.

::: info

> Keep in mind that pre-rendering is putting extra load on your server and also can affect your [Analytics](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/prerender-pages#impact-on-analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that pre-rendering puts extra load on your server and can also affect your [Analytics](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/prerender-pages#impact-on-analytics).
```
